KENNEDY: THANK YOU TRISH!
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY CIVIL WAR
IS UPON US.
IMPEACHMENT AND SOCIALISM
TEARING THEM APART FROM THE
INSIDE.
CAN NANCY PELOSI HOLD IT ALL
TOGETHER?
OR WILL THE PRESIDENT EXPLOIT
THIS NEW WEAKNESS AND SKATE
INTO AN EASY REELECTION
VICTORY?IT'S BEEN ONLY TWO
MONTHS SINCE NANCY PELOSI AND
DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL OF THE
HOUSE.
AT THAT TIME THE RANK AND FILE
SPLIT OVER THESE DIVISIVE
ISSUES PREFERS HYSTERIA OVER
IMPEACHMENT.
AL GREEN WANTS TO GET FILING
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT AGAINST
THE PRESIDENT BECAUSE IT IS
TUESDAY.
>> I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT AN
UNFIT PRESIDENT SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO STAY IN OFFICE.
>> THAT'S FINE.
LAST TIME HE HAD MORE THAN FIVE
DOZEN FELLOW DEMOCRATS.
BUT HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI
SAYS IT'S NOT IN THE CARDS.
SHE TOOK THE OPTION OFF THE
TABLE.
HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER, SAYS THE
ISSUE IS JUST A DISTRACTION.
BUT THE BIG SHOTS IN THE PARTY
STILL RISKING MUTINY FROM SOME
OF THE FRESHMAN UPSTARTS.
AMONG THEM, CONGRESSWOMAN
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ AND
RASHIDA TLAIB.
AND GIVING PELOSI A HEADACHE
OVER SOCIALISM.
PUSHING THE GREEN NEW DEAL AND
A PLAN TO COMPLETELY DESTROY
THE U.S. ECONOMY.
THIS PAST WEEKEND AOC SHOW JUST
HOW LITTLE SHE UNDERSTANDS
ABOUT BASIC ECONOMICS.
>> CAPITALISM ISN'T, TO ME, IT
IS AN IDEOLOGY OF CAPITAL.
IT PUTS CAPITAL, THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING IS THE
CONCENTRATION OF CAPITOL AND IT
MEANS THAT WE SEEK AND
PRIORITIZE PROFIT AND THE
ACCUMULATION OF MONEY ABOVE ALL
ELSE AND WE SEEK IT AT EVERY
HUMAN AND ENVIRONMENTAL COST.
THAT IS WHAT THAT MEANS.
AND TO ME, THAT IDEOLOGY IS NOT
SUSTAINABLE AND CANNOT BE
REDEEMED.KENNEDY: THAT'S WHAT
THAT MEANS.
WORDS, YEAH.
NANCY PELOSI DISMISSED THE
GREEN NEW DEAL.THE GREEN
DREAM IS A NONSTARTER BUT MAKE
NO MISTAKE THE PARTIES DRIFTING
LEFTWARD WHETHER SHE LIKES IT
OR NOT.
AND ALL OF THAT ISN'T ENOUGH,
DEMOCRATS ALSO FORCED TO DEFEND
THEIR STANCE ON ANTI-SEMITISM.
THE SENSIBLE DEMOCRATS CAN
THINK ILHAN OMAR THAT FIASCO
AFTER SHE SUGGESTED JEWISH
LAWMAKERS HAVE A DUAL
ALLEGIANCE TO ISRAEL.
AMONG OTHER STATEMENTS SHE'S
MADE.
LAWMAKERS VEHEMENTLY DENY THIS.
IT IS A DUCKY PARTY SPLITTING
APART AT THE SEAMS LIKE A
TIJUANA NIGHTCLUB?
AND HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP VIEWS
THAT TO RETAKE OR MAINTAIN THE
OVAL OFFICE.
WITH ME NOW STRATEGIC
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR FOR THE
2020 CAMPAIGN, MARC LOTTER IS
BACK.
WELCOME BACK.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME
KENNEDY.
KENNEDY: RAHM EMANUEL, MAYOR
CHICAGO, RIGHT-HAND MAN TO
PRESIDENT OBAMA AND CLINTON, HE
SAYS THAT THE DEMOCRATS ARE
GOING WAY TOO FAR LEFT AND THAT
IS A GIFT TO THE PRESIDENT.
DO YOU AGREE WITH THAT
STATEMENT?
>> ANYTHING IS A GIFT I THINK
IT'S REALITY.
I THINK THAT THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HAVE A
CHOICE IN 2020.
BETWEEN PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE
ECONOMIC SUCCESS WE HAVE SEEN
UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE
INVESTMENT IN THE PRIORITIES,
THE DEFENSE OF FREEDOM AND
CAPITALISM VERSUS A PARTY THAT
HAS GONE SO FAR LEFT THAT EVEN
DEMOCRATS NOW SEE THAT THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY IS GONE.
THE DEPARTING OF YOUR FATHER
AND GRANDFATHER IS NOT THERE
ANYMORE.
IT'S A PARTY OF SOCIALISM.
KENNEDY: I WOULD TEND TO AGREE
WITH YOU THERE.
I DON'T THINK IS JUST ONE PARTY
AND I DON'T THINK THE COMPETING
IDEOLOGIES CAN STAY IN THE SAME
PLACE FOR VERY LONG BECAUSE
THERE IS GOING TO BE A SPLIT
AND IT WILL DEPEND ON WHO THE
NOMINEE IS BECAUSE RIGHT NOW
THE TWO FRONT RUNNERS SEEM TO
BE JOE BIDEN AND BERNIE
SANDERS.
THAT FRESH, YOUNG BLOOD AND
WHOEVER EMERGES VICTORIOUS IN
THE DEMOCRAT NOMINATION
PROCESS, THEY'RE GOING TO SAY A
LOT ABOUT THE IDENTITY OF THE
PARTY.
AND I KNOW DEMOCRATS REALLY
TRIED TO HEAL THE RIFT FROM
2016 AND IT JUST GOES TO SHOW
THEY HAVE NOT DONE A GOOD JOB
BECAUSE I WAS AFTER NANCY
PELOSI MAKES THAT STATEMENT
ABOUT IMPEACHMENT IS NOT ON THE
TABLE, IT IS TO DIVISIVE.
YOU HAVE PEOPLE LIKE AL GREEN
AND AOC COMPLETELY BUCKING THAT
SAYING NO, NO WE ARE STILL GOOD
WITH IMPEACHMENT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THEN YOU HAVE THE BILLING OR
LIBERAL DONORS OUT THERE ANGRY
THAT THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS NOT
FOLLOWING THE PATH.
BUT TO SHOW YOU HOW FAR OUT OF
SORTS THEY'VE GOTTEN, THE
AFL-CIO PUBLISHED A LETTER
SAYING WE WILL NOT TOLERATE THE
GREEN DEAL BECAUSE IT'S GOING
TO IMPACT OF THEIR HARD-WORKING
BLUE-COLLAR AMERICANS AND THEIR
FAMILIES.
THEY ARE LOSING LABOR.
THEY HAVE ALREADY LOST THE
WORKERS.
BUT THE LABOR LEADERS ARE
FOLLOWING SUIT.
IT JUST SHOWS YOU HOW FAR LEFT
THEY HAVE GONE.
AND I THINK MANY DEMOCRATS,
MANY BLUE-COLLAR AMERICANS WHO
MAY HAVE BEEN
MIDDLE-OF-THE-ROAD, MAYBE EVEN
SLIGHTLY LEFT OF CENTER, HAVE
TO LOOK AT THE ECONOMIC
RESULTS, MORE MONEY IN THEIR
PAYCHECKS, MANUFACTURING JOBS
COMING BACK.
AGAINST A PARTY THIS IS WE WANT
TO ELIMINATE YOUR HEALTH
INSURANCE.
WE WANT TO PAY MONEY TO PEOPLE
WHO DON'T EVEN WANT TO WORK.
KENNEDY: WE WANT TO ELIMINATE
THE CHOICE YOU HAVE IN HEALTH
INSURANCE AND WE WANT TO
ELIMINATE ENTIRE SECTORS OF THE
ECONOMY THAT HAPPENED TO EMPLOY
A LOT OF UNION LABOR LIKE THE
AIRLINE INDUSTRY.
>> AIRLINE INDUSTRY, AUTOMOBILE
INDUSTRY.
KENNEDY: MARC, DON'T FORGET THE
FARMING INDUSTRY!
>> I LIKE COWS.
KENNEDY: THEY'RE NOT GOING TO
LISTEN TO CORY BOOKER AND AOC
ON THESE MATTERS.
LET'S TALK A LITTLE ABOUT AL
GREEN AND THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT.
IT IS JUST DIFFERENT WAYS OF
GOING ABOUT THE SAME THING.
BECAUSE I THINK YOU HAVE JERRY
NADLER AND ADAM SCHIFF WHO
THINK THAT THEY ARE MAKING MORE
NUANCED ARGUMENTS FOR THE SAME
THING.
AND THEY MAY NOT USE THE TERM
IMPEACHMENT, BUT WHAT THEY ARE
REALLY TRYING TO DO IS HARM THE
PRESIDENT SO MUCH THAT HE IS
RENDERED UNELECTABLE.
>> THERE TRYING TO CRIMINALIZE
POLITICAL DIFFERENCES.
THAT'S JUST NOT THE WAY OUR
COUNTRY WORKS.
THEY HAVE TRIED OVER AND OVER
AGAIN WITH COUNTLESS
INVESTIGATIONS.
WITH THE NEVER-ENDING WITCHHUNT
STILL NOT SHOWING ANYTHING, NO
RESULTS FOR IT.
KENNEDY: DO THINK THAT NANCY
PELOSI DOES WITH THE RESULTS OF
THE MUELLER REPORT ARE?AND
THAT'S WHY SHE'S TRYING TO
SOFTEN THE BLOW BY CURTAILING
IMPEACHMENT TALK?
>> I DON'T KNOW IF SHE KNOWS
THE RESULTS OF THE
INVESTIGATION.
WHAT I PROBABLY THINK IS THAT
SHE KNOWS THE RESULTS OF
POLLING.
BECAUSE IF YOU NOTICE, SINCE IT
PIVOTED AWAY FROM NO
IMPEACHMENT, THEY STARTED
TALKING ABOUT OTHER THINGS THAT
TRIED TO CARRY THE DAY IN 2016
AND SO MY GUESS IS, IT'S
STRICTLY A GUESS, IS NOT ABOUT
THE EVIDENCE BECAUSE THERE
ISN'T ANY.
IT'S ABOUT POLLING BECAUSE MOST
AMERICANS DON'T BELIEVE IN THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
THEY BELIEVE IN OUR
CONSTITUTIONAL WAY OF ELECTING
OUR PRESIDENT, THE VICE
PRESIDENT AND NO AMOUNT OF
WHINING AND INVESTIGATION WILL
OVERTURN THAT.
KENNEDY: SWING STATES IN THE
RUST BELT RATHER ARE
RESPONSIBLE FOR PUTTING THE
PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
IT SEEMS LIKE A FAR LEFT SUPER
SOCIALISTIC MESSAGE, IT WILL
NOT RESONATE WITH THE VOTERS.
-- AND PURPLE DISTRICTS THEY'VE
TAPPED INTO WHAT THE VOTERS
RESPONDED TO PEER WHEN YOU
THINK THEY'LL WAKE UP AND
REALIZE THAT WORK DO YOU HOPE
THAT THEY REMAIN ASLEEP?>>
AND I THINK THEY ACTUALLY CAN
REVERSE THIS TREND BECAUSE YOU
HAVE SUCH AN ANGRY BASE OUT
THERE OF SUPPORTERS.
WHETHER THEY ARE DONORS, THOSE
THAT KNOCK ON DOORS AND FOR ALL
OF THOSE NEW INCOMING FRESHMEN
THAT WON IN THE SUBURBAN
DISTRICTS, MANY OF THOSE
DISTRICTS THAT THE PRESIDENT
WON IN 2016, THEY WILL NOW FIND
THEMSELVES IN A VERY DIFFICULT
POSITION HAVING TO DEFEND THEIR
COLLEAGUES IN THE DEMOCRATIC